well what do you mean I'm actually
trying to understand why you think it is
okay to unnecessarily cause the
rape-murder and exploitation of chickens
I can't be able to give you an answer
that you're going to accept there are
three different issues to deal with here
and maybe two of them are flattering
towards Richard towards vegan gains and
one of them is kind of unflattering so
it's kind of too bad it's kind of
regrettable that they're all bundle up
in one package the first issue is nobody
should go to a conference just to lie
and be lied to
nobody should go to a conference just to
shake hands and say flattering
pleasantries it's a waste of everyone's
time at best and at worst it has really
corrosive effects on society as a whole
especially on academia and especially on
political activism that people show up
and sit on a stage behind a table like
this and they pretend that they're the
ones speaking truth to power but as you
can see in this clip they're totally
unprepared for someone from the audience
speaking truth to power to them so look
that's the first issue is either you're
keeping it real or you're not and I have
a lot of sympathy for Richard standing
up and trying to do something honest and
authentic and this moment this moment
that transpires in the audience I'm sure
it was the most memorable and most
interesting moment of the whole
conference for the people who were in
that audience the people who were in
that tent watching would have that stage
it was probably a very sharp contrast to
the kind of pointless meandering
discussion of abstract generalities that
preceded Richard standing up and
demanding to know hey if these are the
principles you preach if you're about
animal rights why is it that you're
still eating cheese and eggs why is it
you're still indirectly exploiting cows
and chickens
hi so I believe the your name is Steph
correct okay so I think the point you
brought up about intersectionality was
kind of interesting especially since
you're vegetarian on vegan correct okay
so if you like you did just mention that
we should treat animals the way we treat
each other so would you rape murder and
exploit other people like the way you
support the rape murder and exploitation
of cows and chickens I don't think
that's a helpful question notice you
know it no it absolutely is so this is a
being an event where a trying to achieve
with well know what we're trying to
achieve with this event is to promote
veganism correct not exploitation of
animals so one of your organizers theory
supports the exploitation of animalism
especially since she believes in
intersectionality I think it's
extraordinarily hypocritical for her to
claim that oh well you know it's wrong
to you know ray will objectify it and
all that stuff but you are in fact
supporting rape exploitation murder with
the food your food choices we've heard
your point
we appreciate your point well no no no I
actually like her to actually respond to
the question because I think I do have a
valid point
sure so like I mentioned the TVA as an
organization that tries to meet people
wherever they are in their journey so
well how many years have you been
vegetarian five okay so in those five
years you haven't figured out how to
give up milk and eggs so we like to meet
aware okay so in those five Alicia
please rise
and no in this final here so right so in
those five years you haven't discovered
how to not include milk and eggs in your
diet you have not discovered how to just
eat swing-off and not eat eggs and like
make tofu stream instead we're all us we
heard your point
thank you for your point we're asking
you to sit down now please okay well she
hasn't answered the question why you
support theme I'm sorry she didn't know
she didn't she just said she was right
now she just said she was on a certain
point in our journey I'm asking her
after five years of being vegetarian why
is it that you have not been able to
discover how to not unnecessarily harm
exploit rape murder cows and chickens
I appreciate where you are in your
journey and I think everybody is at a
different stage in their life you may be
serene vegetarian unified way please
well what do you mean I'm actually
trying to understand why you think it is
okay to unnecessarily cause the
rape-murder and exploitation of chickens
I don't know that I cannot be able to
give you an answer that you're going to
accept so I think the conversation
between us well what do you mean an
answer that I'll accept just give me an
answer we don't answer to you though
like you're not the authority that we
have to measure our own progress yeah
okay so do you believe it is morally
acceptable enjoy a nice letter in real
we're trying to go you have any yet do
you have matter no do you have an actual
you guys like to know what do you have
do you have a reasonable exploitation
for unless you're a hypocrite you're a
hypocrite or immoral hypocrite you have
no reason no you have no reason you have
no reason to cause the unnecessary
suffering death exploitation of animals
no no no guess what no guess what guess
what you know guess what the animals
that you cause the unnecessary death
softly exploitation of they have no
choice they have
they cannot run away from what you do to
them you are pathetic
you're running away from what I'm asking
though you're running away from the
truth you're trying to make money you
won't even make up an excuse you're just
running away Oh poo then give me give me
a reason for why it's okay to cause the
unnecessary soft soft ring death and
exploitation of cows and chickens why is
it okay so you're telling me the way I'm
she was worse than how you treat animals
you're saying rape murder and
exploitation exactly so you're dishonest
power no you're dishonest power of an
immoral hypocrite especially since you
talk about intersectionality this brings
us the second of the three issues
although I may sympathize with Richard
standing up and speaking truth to power
this way with Richard standing up and
saying something really honest and
authentic and contrast to all the other
nonsense that goes on at conferences
this kind the truth is if you play by
your own rules you either have to play
alone or you have to set up your own
league you have to set up your own team
Richard is not gonna be invited back to
this conference obviously his way of
pressing the issue here was disruptive
and rude so he'll never get to attend
this kind of conference again unless
he's the one organizing it unless he's
the one hosting it unless he's the one
leading it which he should he should
have started doing that five years ago
where's my kid maybe it's not five years
yet but I mean when I first started to
him years and years ago I was asking him
like okay so what are your plans over
the next five years and he had
absolutely no interest in being a leader
in the vegan movement not even to this
extent those idiots who were sitting up
with that table Richard they they don't
have any skills
you lack it's not like they can do
something you can't do if you wanted to
be the one organizing people under that
tent and setting the rules for discourse
what was acceptable what was
you know politically and otherwise you
could have been doing that for three
years by now all right you chose not to
Richard you chose to play video games so
when you show up at this conference you
are a guest in someone else's house
instead of being the host so they get to
set the rules they get to decide who's
being polite who's in flight they get to
kick you out to get to exclude you and
now because you're chose to play by your
own rules that's where it's at obviously
I can sympathize if you play by your own
rules you play alone or you step up and
take on that leadership role this brings
us to point three on the list and it's
really a shame that I have to have this
in the same video I'd rather this feel
relatively positive video talking about
vegan gains standing up at this
conference and taking a completely
meaningless conference and turning him
to slim meaningful that's more public
part of me that's more positive story
but point three is unfortunately Richard
is still playing this game of demanding
evidence for his own political views and
the political views of others and then
saying no no no you can't prove it I
wish it were a meaningless example that
we went through this with the connection
between Richard and Cory McCarthy
Richard and Tara McCarthy I publicly
made videos criticizing and pointing out
the extent to which Cory McCarthy and
Tara McCarthy really were racists really
were white supremacist I don't mean
racist in the sense that they're just
like prejudiced that they were actively
advancing a white supremacist racist
political pavment platform overtly
and intentionally that was the political
platform they were advancing they were
advancing for example the notion that
the United States and Canada should
exile all black people all people of
African ancestry and Tara McCarthy was
asked in a Q&A session would she include
vegan gains because they were friends
they were publicly friends they knew
each other
if they she was asked if she were to
kick out all the black people would she
kick out her own friend Richard vegan
gains and long story short her answer
was yes that
exiled that'll be sent back to Africa so
that was their political program and
Richard I presented the evidence of how
racist they were on my youtube channel
and also just he and I talking I
remember talking him directly I remember
saying to him look this is the front
page of their website click on the About
tab this is what it says under about how
can it possibly be that you are denying
that this is racist like here let's just
read off explicitly what their goals are
politically like if this isn't racism
and racial ISM it's like and at that
time on their website the website is now
gone they were explicitly committed to
eliminating intermarriage between the
races like black people and white people
marrying each other and having kids it's
like Richard and their reasons for doing
it were racist it's almost needless to
say you know like you are gonna deny
evidence this blatant when it's shown to
you to your face just because it's
inconvenient for you it's just not what
you want to believe it's an inconvenient
truth whatever and my experience with
Richard is yes that's his attitude he's
friends with somebody or he P maybe on
some level admires Cory McCarthy as a
body builder and then he just will not
hear anything inconvenient you know I
made a huge video so just huge in length
and how much it covers I made a huge
video dealing with brain damage caused
by marijuana vegan gains supposedly a
man of science who can appreciate
peer-reviewed research that video was a
stack of peer reviewed evidence about
brain damage cosmic marijuana even more
science has come out since then of
course continues to be researched now
that marijuana has been legalized what
are its harmful effects in the brain
Richard was completely capable of just
dismissing and denying that oh all this
evidences it's inconvenient
not interested
so I mean Richard I hope you develop
some self-knowledge because that's the
kind of guy you all
whenever something is politically
inconvenient for you whether it's
someone pointing to your own political
statements of the past or Cory
McCarthy's political statements or
something in modern medical literature
scientific literature if you don't want
to believe it it doesn't matter how much
is presented to you
you're never willing to take criticism
on board in a meaningful way and respond
in a meaningful way and none of those
would be hard to deal with like it
wouldn't be hard for you to react to oh
okay this bodybuilder turns out to be a
member of a white supremacist political
party the reason why they'll be
intellectually challenged if you deal
with there's no reason why I would be
challenging for you to deal with someone
disagreeing with you about any of your
specific your view on gun ownership or
your view on black lives matter as a
political movement slang
why can't you deal with that in a
sincere and authentic intellectual way
and it's tragically parallel to what
played out just now at this conference
where you're talking to this woman on
stage sitting on the podium sitting
behind the desk up on the stage and
she's just not capable of even
recognizing and responding to your
arguments or your question even though
it should be so obvious it should be so
easy for to do so so look man the moral
this story ultimately is keeping it real
cuts both ways
talking truth to power cuts both ways
it's not just about vegan gains stuffing
it in other people's faces Richard
you're also the target of political
critique and cross-examination and even
scientific and medical critique and
across invitation not everything on your
channel that way has been entirely
accurate you've made some mistakes to
say the least you're not a research
scientist you're not you don't have any
formal training or education in
nutrition or Dietetics you've gone way
outside of your area of expertise many
many times does anyone else remember him
attempting to interpret a coroner
report after the mysterious death of a
certain bodybuilder like you step way
beyond your ability to interpret
peer-reviewed scientific literature you
take a stand like that all the time
and you step way outside your area of
expertise in terms of society and
politics also I used to always say about
Richard the problem was he was capable
of really focusing and doing detailed
you know research on a topic like
cholesterol levels but he would just
never never rise to that level of self
discipline and focus when dealing with
political questions whether not even if
it was something as obvious as hey let's
read the front page of Cory McCarthy's
website let's face up to the reality of
just how explicitly racist this person
and their political agenda might really
be
[Music]